Nice work.
In this lecture, we are going to continue from where we start.
Okay.
Now over here we are going to have an icon.
Then on top of that icon, they're going to have a color of black on top of.
It's something like this.
Okay.
Now, we had earlier used a row, but the reason for the row is because we want all widgets decided
to be displayed horizontally.
That is from left to right.
Okay.
Now, to do this, it needs to go back to previous record.
Now.
This is the road yet.
This is the risk test.
Right.
Okay.
So, first of all, we're just going to give it a comma.
It's really a comma.
Then use control this to save an editor or to format this.
Okay.
Now, so we're going to give it away.
Now we are going to have an icon right then on top of that icon.
They're going to have this black hole on top of it.
They like to place widgets on top of widgets.
They're going to be using a widget known as Stack.
Mind you, everything is referred to widgets and flutter.
So this does fine as a widget as well.
Okay.
So after this reach test, they're going to have this stack.
Now, this stack can't take and multiple widgets see it as this to it.
To do it.
Okay.
They're just going to use a container.
So we have access to more additional property, such as ice padding and all this.
Okay.
Now for the child, they're going to have an icon widget.
For the I call the widget.
It's just going to be icons dots charting.
Churches are this call cards on this call hotline.
Okay, now we can give a call to this icon.
We can change the caller to call us Dot Greer.
Okay.
I think we have this online.
I did camera and use consciousness to save.
Okay.
Now, I think this is way too vague.
You can't change this to 24 and this to 22.
Okay.
Go check it out now.
You can see the wire, right?
Okay.
Now what we can do, we can make a display between these sites.
So what you can do is over this row.
What would you say?
I have to say is main alignment.
Main axis alignment.
The space between.
Okay.
Now go check what it does.
Great.
Now we can give a pardon to this.
So that was one of the reasons we use we have to use the container so we can see today.
Edge inserts.
That's all.
We just want to give change for all sides.
That is left, right, bottom.
No, that's okay.
So great.
Now, the next thing we're going to do is we are going to have the black hole on top of this.
Right.
Okay.
Remember, that was the reason why we use this stock.
It basically uses top to place widgets on top widgets.
Okay.
Now, how do you try to come out first either to cover these channels to save.
Now.
This is the container.
They know that's a place.
Widget themselves.
This container, what we just have to do is after this container, rather than have something known
as position for the ship.
Okay.
For the child is also going to be a container.
So we have access to some additional property such as Colon Heights and others.
Okay.
So for the color of these, the declaration is going to be both declaration for declaration.
So you're going to see color.
There is going to be colors but black for now.
Okay.
There are going to give a heart to this color.
That is how long it's going to be.
And those are going to a weight.
That is why it is going to be so.
We're going to see a height of tan that is all along.
Then I got to see Weeds of tan as well.
That is our white.
Okay.
It is unnecessary.
Then go check it out.
Okay.
Now, you can see today.
Now, what you can do is we can take it to the right so we can see right turn.
Okay.
Now go check it out and see what does this is going to go to the right.
Now, we can take it a bit to the thought or I think here.
So what you can do is you can set up.
Okay.
He's got this.
I see what it does.
Okay, great.
Now we can make this a little bit round it or around.
Okay.
To do this, we just have to say now is to say shift is going to reverse shift.
That sickle.
Controversy.
Go see what it does.
Okay, I think.
It's not that round.
Try to save.
Okay.
Great.
Like I said.
Right.
Okay.
It's looking great.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.